I grew up with a lot of wom around me my
mom my bigger sister my
auntie and they took amazing care of me
I can't deny that but they told me
always to be selfless to sacrifice for
others to be nice to be empathic to
always consider everyone around me and I
think that's a very feminine approach to
to life to everything and there is
nothing wrong with that but they always
told me what I will give it will come
back eventually but I always ended up
being empty I always gave so much for
others I
always changed myself I
always hold my word back in order to not
hurt anyone I was a simple people
pleaser for for everyone in order to be
liked in order to do the right thing and
with time I was just wondering why why
is this not
reciprocated why when I go to my friend
and I'm telling her I need your help I'm
really down I need to do something they
would never be available but every time
when my friends needed something I was
always available I put all my stuff my
important things aside and I was
available to be there for them and then
when it was my turn it was just not
being reciprocated and I was wondering
why is it that way I do the right thing
no as I got older I understood that's
not the way I cannot live like this I
cannot put myself aside all the time to
make others happy because if I keep
doing that I will end up at the end of
the food chain
I will end
up with nothing because I'm not there
for myself and also others are not there
for me so I simply started to be a
narcissist big shock I know narcissist
is such a bad word and it's related to
so many really bad things but guys to be
a narcissist was my best decision in my
whole life I started to be egoistic
selfish and cared only about myself now
I know woo narcissist egoistic selfish
those are all red flag words for most of
us but to be honest guys there is
nothing wrong with that you have to have
a little bit of narcissism or a little
bit of selfishness a little bit of
egoism to be able to take care of
yourself to be able to win in life hi
guys welcome back to my Channel today
I'm going to talk about
narcissism and why narcissism is
actually a good thing let's get into
this I want you to understand the
universe simply doesn't care if you are
super nice if you are sacrificing a lot
to make others happy you could be the
most nice person but you would still not
survive if you touch in the power house
with your wet hands electricity is not
going to think oh this is a nice person
let's not electrocute it no the universe
does not care and in fact the universe
does care because if you keep putting
yourself last this is the energy you put
out in the universe you put out in the
universe that you are not important
others are more important for you you
put all your attention your energy
into something else which is not you
every time you say no to yourself in
order to please others you will get
another no from others obviously because
you say to the universe you say even to
others I'm not as important as you and
if you say to someone I'm not important
at all let's put all the focus and all
the attention all the energy on you
that's that's what they learn how to
treat you that's how they keep you in
mind that's how they see you so for them
you will also not be that important
that's the energy you put out there in
the universe you put out there in the
world and this is not only about people
you interact on a daily basis this is
energy that will reciprocate to you
doesn't matter from where circumstances
they come throughout your life but that
was just a bit of a side information to
understand what do I actually mean with
being narcissistic selfish or egoistic
now see I want you to look at some of
the most important and most powerful I
would say they're very powerful people
in our world nowadays Donald Trump Steve
Jobs Elon Musk what do all these guys or
women have in common they have an
unshakable belief in themselves and they
would never blame themselves for
anything that goes wrong they are almost
delusional about who they are and what
they can achieve but they ended up
achieving the most more than you more
than me more than anyone else in this
world and you can call this now
narcissism you can call this egoistic
you can call this whatever you want but
honey this self-centered conviction they
have is actually what makes them win and
in today's video I'm going to explain to
you why aach or a bit more of
narcissism is actually necessary to win
in life so when we hear
narcissist we immediately think about
something bad we immedi medely think
about the manipulator we think about
abuse we think about all the negative
things that narcissism can include as
well but let's put that aside for a
second yes there are negative aspects of
a narcissist but there are also negative
aspects of being a woman there are also
negative aspects of being a man there
are negative aspects of having blonde
hair there are negative aspects of
having brown hair there are negative
aspects of Simply every characteristic
everything in this world and I do
believe that Society made us believe
that narcissism egoistic and selfish
people are bad people because those are
the people who always win and Society
doesn't want us to win they want to keep
us down there they want to keep us stuck
they want to keep us us controlled and
not growing too much because that's how
they manipulate us to be profitable to
them narcissism is also about saying I
am the center of my world I deserve
everything I deserve the success I
deserve the love I deserve the perfect
life that I want I deserve abundance in
all aspects of my life and this mindset
separate people who are successful and
people who are simply not successful
people who are simply living on
autopilot not enjoying their life they
are just surviving instead of living
life I want to go back to why the
universe does not care if you are nice
the universe operates on energy it
doesn't operate on morals it doesn't
operate on niceness it doesn't operate
on cruelness it simply doesn't care if
you're kind mean greedy or generous what
the universe responds to is belief and
action and conviction in yourself what
do nice people do nice people they often
hesitate nice people overthink nice
people they don't want to step on
other's shoes nice people second guess
themselves they spend so much time
worrying what other people will think
how other people will feel or if their
actions hurt someone's feelings but
narcissistic people they do not care
they simply do not care they are focused
on their goals on what they want and
it's tunnel Focus they go for it until
they have it and what does the universe
do the universe Rewards this conviction
the universe does not reward second
guessing the universe does not reward
hesitation and this starts with really
small actions for example if you're
driving the car and you're looking for a
parking and you see a parking but there
is another car also want to get into the
same parking maybe the other car was
even before you there but you still
could fit in should you wait and let
this other person in
no should you even second guess it
should should you even hesitate or think
about letting the other person in or
going in yourself no you should go into
that parking spot immediately without
even considering the other person see
how small this example is I can give you
another one go to the supermarket there
is a line right if you jump this line if
you just go in front where because there
is a space you just go in as this would
be your space because you know this is
your space without hesitating without
thinking about this action no one would
even care no one would even bother that
you jump the line and this is the
conviction I'm talking about on a daily
basis with daily small tasks let's look
at some real life examples on a bigger
level for example Donald Trump whether
you love him or hate him Donald Trump is
powerful and he is rooted in the biggest
and strongest belief in himself he is
believing that he is a winner and
nothing could
ever convince him differently people
doubt him people criticize him he simply
doesn't care he does his thing and he
wins doing his thing over and over again
he got even shot and he still doesn't
care he still thinks he is the best and
the most powerful the most successful
person on this Earth that's his belief
and this level of confidence this level
of conviction if you think it's
Justified or not it doesn't matter this
is what made him successful this is what
makes him president again another
example Steve Jobs Steve Jobs was known
for being very demanding very
criticizing he even took other people's
ideas as his own ideas and he did not
think about this even twice for him this
was a normal thing he would not take any
accountability for his mistakes he would
blame everyone else if something went
wrong they even fired him from his
company but he didn't care he was
believing in himself so much he never
ever adopted his own Brilliance and
again this unshakable belief in himself
allowed him to create eper which is one
of the most iconic companies in history
another amazing example is Elon Musk
Elon Musk believes he is called to save
Humanity to change human Humanity to
discover Mars and make Mars our new
Earth if I understood that correctly he
truly believes he is the only one on
this Earth capable of doing that and
that kind of self-belief self-confidence
might come off as egoistic but who cares
honestly who cares he successful he is
billionaire he's one of the most
successful men on Earth right now so why
would he care why would he care what
other people think because he is
clapping for himself so loud he wouldn't
even notice anyone else and this belief
this mindset he has will make him
colonizing Mars he never ask for any
permission and he simply also doesn't
have to he moves forward with his own
belief conviction and absolute certainty
that he is the one who has to do this
and he's going to do it see honey why
does this work you want to know the
psychology behind this it's very simple
simp first of all this unshakable belief
creates certainty when you believe in
yourself to the point of delusion you
radit confidence and other people are
drawn to that energy other people are
drawn to confident people other people
are drawn to what they do not have and
most of the people do not have that so
other people are starting to believe in
you
even if they don't understand what
you're up to or what your mission is
because you believe in yourself so much
they wouldn't even ask why that's
already explanation for other people
enough to also believe in you the second
thing is focus and Clarity where you put
your focus at energy flows where
attention goes energy flows where focus
goes energy flows so narcissistic people
they do not focus on anyone else but
themselves they do not care about what
other people say they do not care what
other people think they only see
themselves and their goal and that's
what makes all the energy going towards
them towards their life and their goals
and that's what makes them win think
about a magnifying glass and the sun
when you hold the magnifying glass over
a piece of paper and the Sun is shining
through long enough this paper starts to
burn that's Focus that's energy so where
you put all your focus in for long
enough that's where you create that's
where you achieve whatever you want and
the third thing is risk-taking and
resilience narcistic people believe they
are truly destined for greatness so even
when things go wrong they in their minds
they are not too blame for that it's not
their responsibility when things go
wrong they blame it on someone else
because it's not their mistake because
they are destined for greatness and they
take the next step they move forward
they take risks like no one else because
for them it has to work out it is
working out and if it's not working out
it's not their mistake that's why when
they fail they don't dwell on it they
fail they stand up they do it again
because for them they never fail they
keep keep going because they are so
convinced that they are succeeding with
and on whatever they want does that mean
you should be mean you should be a total
and not care about anyone else
in your life no does that mean you
should go out and beat someone up no
does that mean you should go rob the
bank no let's be very clear about this
you should not stop to care about anyone
else at all you should
not harm others in order to get what
what you want I'm saying find the
balance you should find the balance in
that and you should not go out of your
own way to make someone else happy so
here is the key adopt the confidence
adopt the conviction in yourself adopt
the belief in yourself adopt all these
positive sides of a narcissist but do
not forget to be respectful but do not
forget to be empathic when it's
necessary believe in yourself so deeply
that nothing truly nothing can shake you
but do not let that belief turn into
hurting others by intention do not let
that belief harm others there is a big
difference if you hurt someone's
feelings because you stand up for
yourself and you setting your own
boundaries or if you hurt someone's
feelings or you harm someone because you
want to harm them you want to hurt them
that's a big massive difference you have
to understand where is the line you have
to see that in nuances let's go back to
the example of the the line in the
supermarket let's say there is a line
and let's say you want to jump the line
but there is an elderly woman in front
of you and she has a lot of stuff in her
basket and she even struggles to put all
these things together and you are not
even in a hurry then do not jump in
front of her go behind her that's a
simple example because in that way you
still get your own way you
still find a way to prioritize yourself
but you do not harm someone else you can
even help this woman because you do not
harm yourself by helping this woman but
if you are super in a hurry if you do
not have even time to help that woman if
you have to rush somewhere and your next
appointment starts in 5 minutes then do
not put yourself on the side and help
this woman so that after you will be
running late no honey you have to
believe in yourself you have to put
yourself first you have to be convicted
in your beliefs and in yourself without
harming others that's what I'm saying
you can think of it also like um
bulldozers narcissistic people are like
bulldozers they simply clear the path
right you can clear the path but build
Bridges afterwards now now how can you
implement this in your life how can you
develop narcissistic confidence without
losing yourself first of all stop asking
for permission you do not wait to get
approval from anyone you simply act
whatever it is whenever it is do not ask
you just do start trusting your instinct
your instincts are unshakable if someone
else thinks they're wrong or they're
right you simply do not have to care
about that your instinct is always right
and this way you can also start making
decisions without constantly second
guessing yourself the second thing
create a strong self-image you have to
see
yourself as successful as powerful as
beautiful as
mesmerizing
as incredible as as the most important
person in your world as the most
important person whatever room you're
going through and whatever room you are
sitting in wherever you go you bring
value I want you to write all the good
things about yourself down visualize it
and then stick to it even if in the
beginning it's hard or it feels weird to
believe that or to switch into that but
believe me honey it's getting easier and
that's going to change your whole world
that's going to change your whole
reality the third thing focus on your
goals stay focused on you and your goals
never ever let anyone else tell you what
to do and what not to do never let
anyone else's opinion influence how you
think or feel about yourself or any goal
what you have stay super focused on
where you want to go and never apologize
for that if you want to do something you
do it if you want to achieve something
you go achieve it there is no trying
there is no maybe there is no I want to
there is just I am doing that I do I
want I am there is no second guessing
there is no place there is no room even
for someone else's opinion you don't go
to your friends and ask them what they
think about your great idea of being an
influencer of being a YouTuber of
creating your own brand you just do it
you do not care about their opinions
anyways the fourth thing is resilience I
want you to build that resilience muscle
I have that in another video I speak a
lot res about resilience a lot but I
want you to focus on resilience
resilience makes you take more risks and
makes you fall and stand up more easily
and more quickly do not dwell on your
failures when narcissistic people fail
they don't dwell on it they stand up
quickly they see it as a stepping stone
and not something that is blocking their
way so I want you to build that
resilience and adopt the mindset that
every setback is just temporary at the
end you don't need to be the nicest
person in the room to succeed actually
you should not be the nicest person in
the room for whatever reason at the end
why do you even want to be the nicest
person in the room do you need to be
liked by everyone absolutely not the
only thing you need is an unshakable
belief in yourself remember honey the
universe rewards the people who are bold
enough to go after what they want want
stop playing small stop doubting
yourself stop people
pleasing and start stepping into your
power and then go out there go after
your dreams with the conviction of a
narcissist with that said I want to end
this video thank you so much for
watching I know this was a bit of a
controversial topic but I hope you
understand my message you got the point
sometimes the truth is uncomfortable at
the end of the day I want you to fulfill
your dreams to succeed in whatever you
want to succeed to feel the best of
yourself and to be the best version of
yourself so never forget don't be a nice
person be a certain person thank you so
much for watching I love you so so much
and bye-bye